Senior System Administrator
Digital Technology
Tucson, Arizona
Job Type: Full-Time
Job Responsibilities:

At Raytheon, the foundation of everything we do is rooted in our values and a higher calling – to help our nation and allies defend freedoms and deter aggression. We bring the strength of more than 100 years of experience and renowned engineering expertise to meet the needs of today’s mission and stay ahead of tomorrow’s threat. Our team solves tough, meaningful problems that create a safer, more secure world.  


Empowering a global business. Providing affordable solutions. Delivering competitive discriminators by unleashing deep expertise. These are just some of the many ways the Digital Technology team at Raytheon Technologies creates success for our customers. Joining our team will allow you to collaborate with Raytheon organizations to enable business growth, speed, and agility through business innovation, technical proficiency, and operational excellence.

Our Digital Technology (DT) organization ensures that Raytheon teammates across the globe are able to communicate, collaborate and innovate for customer success. We create leading-edge technology solutions to prevent security threats, secure the integrity of our systems and support IT infrastructures around the world.

Senior System Administrator, internally known as Senior Analyst, Information Workplace Services collaborate and support exciting, critical programs with classified information system capabilities. Success in this role means you can develop, implement, and maintain secure, cost-efficient environments across various classified programs. Program teams rely on your collaboration and guidance to define computing requirements and create end-to-end solutions to solve complex IT infrastructure problems.

What You Will Do:

    Provide IT systems administration in a heterogeneous Microsoft Windows and Redhat Enterprise Linux environment.
    Understanding and knowledge of Windows Server internals or Linux fundamentals to include DNS, DHCP, AD, and server replication methods. 
    Working as a team member in a fast-paced technological environment.  Use troubleshooting techniques to resolve technical problems of a moderate to high scope and complexity to include the integration of hardware and operating systems (OS).
    Understanding data RAID, data backup uses and technologies. Install and configure software applications requested by end users.
    Work with Cybersecurity professionals to maintain security requirements. 
    Provide documentation and training on advanced IT processes and procedures and other tasks as assigned.
    Must be able to obtain Department of Defense Directive (DoDD) 8140 / 8570 Certification requirements (CompTIA Security+ CE or equivalent certification) within 6 months of start date.
    Systems are operational 24x7 and occasionally require work effort beyond standard work hours.
    Travel required as business needs dictate to other US Domestic locations, up to 10% per year.
    Full time 100% Onsite position.

Qualifications You Must Have:

    Typically requires bachelor’s and minimum of 2+ years of relevant prior experience.
    Must have active and maintain a U.S. government issued top secret security clearance is required. U.S. citizenship is required, as only U.S. citizens are eligible for a security clearance.
    Must have Linux or Windows experience.
    Experience with Active Directory, VMware, Administration, backup and recovery.

Qualifications We Prefer:

    Department of Defense Directive (DoDD) 8140 / 8570 Certification requirements (CompTIA Security+ CE or equivalent certification and an Operating System Certification)
    Experience with NISPOM, JAFAN, JSIG, DFARS and/or DoD/RMF
    Experience with data storage, NAS, and SAN technologies and solutions
    Experience with using Information Technology project lifecycle management processes.
    Experience using VMWare vCenter, vSphere, and ESX and/or other virtual computing methods.
    Experience supporting engineers in software, simulations, and hardware development.
    Experience with Microsoft WSUS, MECM, and/or Exchange
    High Performance Computing (HPC) experience in a Linux environment
    Scripting Experience

We offer relocation

.

What We Offer:

Our values drive our actions, behaviors, and performance with a vision for a safer, more connected world. At RTX we value: Safety, Trust, Respect, Accountability, Collaboration, and Innovation.

RTX Corporation is an Aerospace and Defense company that provides advanced systems and services for commercial, military and government customers worldwide. It comprises three industry-leading businesses – Collins Aerospace Systems, Pratt & Whitney, and Raytheon. Its 185,000 employees enable the company to operate at the edge of known science as they imagine and deliver solutions that push the boundaries in quantum physics, electric propulsion, directed energy, hypersonics, avionics and cybersecurity. The company, formed in 2020 through the combination of Raytheon Company and the United Technologies Corporation aerospace businesses, is headquartered in Arlington, VA.

Clearance Type: Top Secret - Current
Job Require Security Clearance: Yes, active and existing security clearance required on day 1US
